---
id: autobrr
sidebar_label: autobrr
title: Configuring autobrr
description: A guide on how to configure autobrr.
keywords: [autobrr, config, setup, configuration, toml]
pagination_next: configuration/indexers
pagination_prev: installation/linux
---

import { FaDownload } from 'react-icons/fa';
import { CgWebsite } from 'react-icons/cg';
import { BsChatDotsFill } from 'react-icons/bs';
import { MdRssFeed } from 'react-icons/md';
import { FaDiscord } from 'react-icons/fa';
import { AiFillGithub } from 'react-icons/ai';

The primary configuration entry point for autobrr is `config.toml`, which should be located in the `--config` directory you specified to the autobrr process or in the `config/` directory relative from which autobrr is running. Do note that you do not need to create it yourself, as the autobrr daemon will do it automatically for you in case it does not exist upon first start.

```toml title="config.toml"
# config.toml

# Hostname / IP
#
# Default: "localhost"
#
host = "127.0.0.1"

# Port
#
# Default: 7474
#
port = 7474

# Base url
# Set custom baseUrl eg /autobrr/ to serve in subdirectory.
# Not needed for subdomain, or by accessing with the :port directly.
#
# Optional
#
#baseUrl = "/autobrr/"

# autobrr logs file
# If not defined, logs to stdout
#
# Optional
#
#logPath = "log/autobrr.log"

# Log level
#
# Default: "DEBUG"
#
# Options: "ERROR", "DEBUG", "INFO", "WARN", "TRACE"
#
logLevel = "TRACE"

# Session secret
# Can be generated by running: head /dev/urandom | tr -dc A-Za-z0-9 | head -c16
sessionSecret = "secret-session-key"
```

#### Config options

- `host`: If not using a reverse proxy or in a container, change to `0.0.0.0`.
- `port`: If port already in use, then change to a free one.
- `logLevel`: Choose how much log output you want to see. The autobrr process will need to be restarted in order for this change to take effect.
- `sessionSecret`: Used for session cookies. Change to something more random like a `UUID`.
- (**optional**) `baseUrl`: Supports running on both the root url and in a subpath, as well as subdomain. Uncomment if needed.
- (**optional**) `logPath`:Considering autobrr is rather new software, it might be beneficial for logging to be enabled. If running with systemd you can use `journalctl` to check logs. The log file is rotated as soon as it reaches 50MB, up to 3 times. In other words, the maximum space which the log files can occupy is 150MB, which takes a long time to fill.

### Create user via command line (optional) {#create-user-via-cli}

This step is not needed, unless you wish to create a user _via the command line_. Instead the process of creating an user can be done via the web UI instead, which is the recommended way to do it.

To create a user alongside the initial database, you need to use `autobrrctl`. Specify your config directory via the `--config` argument, followed by `create-user` and then your wanted username. After executing the command, you will prompted to enter a password.

Example:

```shell
autobrrctl --config ~/.config/autobrr create-user USERNAME
```

## Other options

Make sure to read through all of the articles as all of them have some important information on how to get autobrr up and running.

- [Indexers <CgWebsite />](/configuration/indexers)
- [IRC <BsChatDotsFill />](/configuration/irc)
- [Download Clients <FaDownload />](/configuration/download-clients/dedicated)
- [Feeds (RSS / Torznab) <MdRssFeed />](/configuration/feeds)

## Additional help

If you're having any trouble with the documentation, join us at [Discord <FaDiscord />](https://discord.gg/WQ2eUycxyT) and we will do our best to help.

If you have found a bug or are having an issue, please open an issue on [GitHub <AiFillGithub />](https://github.com/autobrr/autobrr/issues/)
